1)what is software?
  A set of instructions,data or programs used to operate a computer and execute specific
  tasks is a software.
  Computer instructions or data anything that can be stored electronically.
  eg: microsoft offices
      games
      mobile applications.


2)What are the types of applications?
  Different types of application software are here:
  word processing software
  spreadsheet software
  database software
  desktop software
  communication software 
  presentation software
  internet browsers
  email programs
  graphics software


3)what is programming?
  "A programming is a way to instruct the computer to perform various tasks"
   We use a progamming language like python to communicate with the computer.
   Its a collabrtaion between human and computer.
   eg: coding or communication.
   functional programming
   procedual programming
   object-oriented programming
   logic programming.

4)What is python?
  Python is a dynamic, high level programming language.
  It is interpreted and supports obect-oriented programming as well as procedual-oriented
  programming.
  python is a free open source.
  It can run equally on different platforms such as Windows, Linux ,UNIX, Mac, etc.
  Thus,It is a simple, powerful and portable language.

5)How memory is managed in python?
  Memory management in python involves a private heap containing all Python Object and
  data structures.
  The management of this private heap is ensured internally by the python memory
  manager.
  Python uses a portion of the memory for internal uses and non-object memory.
  Another part of the memory is used for python objects such as int,dict,list,etc. 
  The programmer does not have access to this private heap and interpreter takes care
  of this Python private heap.

6)What is the purpose continue statement in python?
  In Python,continue is the loop to control statements executed inside the loop.
  This statements either skip according to the conditions inside the loop or terminate
  the loop execution at some point.
  Insted of terminating the loop like a break statements, it moves on to the subsequent
  execution.
  Its syntax is:continue;
  Continue statements is almost used in if... and else...statements.
  This explains continue statements in python.

7)What are the negative indexes and why are they used?
  Negative indexing is used to begin slicing from the end of the string i.e. the last.
  Slicing in python gets a sub-string from a string.
  The slicing range is set as parameters i.e. start,stop and step.
  Negative indicies are powers also called exponents with a minus sign in front of them.
  E.G.We get negative indices by dividing two terms with the same base where the first
  term is smaller than the power that the second term is raise to.
  The uses of negative  indexing can be done to use or display data from the end of the
  list.
  It can also be used to reverse a number or a string without usinng other functions.
  i.e.-1 gives the last element of the list.
      -2 gives the second last element of the list and so on.

