Test
1)What is list? How will you reverse a list?
 Lists are used to store multiple items in a single variable.
 Lists are one of the in-built data types to store collections of the data.
 A list is created by placing elements inside square brackets[] ,separeted by commas.
 A list can have any number of items and they may be of differnt types.
 e.g.(integer,float,string,etc.)
 A list can also have another list as an item.
 This is called a nested list.
 We can reverse a list byusing built-in reverse() method.
 It will reverse the element in the original list object.
 The reverse() method reverses the sequence of the list permanently.

2)How will you remove last objects from the list?
  Remove last element from list using del operator.del operator can delete the last 
  element from the list along with index.
  The del operator deletes the element at the specified index location from the list.
  To delete  the last element,we can use the negative index.
  
3)How will you compare two list?
 We can combine Python's sort() method with the == operator to compare two lists.
 Python sort() method is used to sort the input lists with a purpose that if two input
 lists are equal.
 Then the elements would reside at the same index positions.
 Compare two lists using equal sign operator.
 Match data by using row difference technique.
 Match row differnce by using IF condition.
 Match data even if there is a row differnce.
 Highlight all the matching data using conditional formatting. 

4)What is tuple? Difference between list and tuple?
 A tuple is a collection of objects which ordered and immutable.
 Tuples are sequences, just like lists.
 Removing individual tuple elements is not possible .
 And to remove an entire tuple , just use del statments.
 DIFFERENCE BETWEEN:-
 lists are mutable and tuples are immutable.
 lists can be chnges once thet created & tuple cannot change once they have been created.
 list consumes more memory and tuples consumes less memory.
 lists operations are more error prone and tuples operations are safe.
 lists provides many in-built methods and tuples have less in-built methods.
 list iteration is slower and is time consuming and tuple iteration is faster.
